Update mainnet forking guide (#1617)
nomiclabs/hardhat: docs/guides/mainnet-forking.md

npx hardhat node --fork https://eth-mainnet.alchemyapi.io/v2/<key> --fork-block-number 11095000
```

## Customizing Hardhat Network's behavior

> Once you've got local instances of mainnet protocols, setting them in the specific state your tests need is likely the next step. Hardhat provides several RPC methods that let you modify anything about an address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've got local instances of mainnet protocols, setting them in the specific state your tests need is likely the next step. Hardhat Network provides several RPC methods to help you with this.
```

signer.sendTransaction(...)
```

> ### Set account nonce

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting account nonce
```
Changing from imperative to present participle, to match other, existing headings.

This method lets you change the nonce of an account. For example:

```tsx
await network.provider.send("hardhat_setNonce", [
  "0x0d2026b3EE6eC71FC6746ADb6311F6d3Ba1C000B",
  "0x21",
]);
```

This will result in account `0x0d20...000B` having a nonce of 33.

You can only use this method to increase the nonce of an account; you can't set a lower value than the account's current nonce.

> ### Set account balance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting account balance
```

This method lets you change the balance of an account. For example:

```tsx
await network.provider.send("hardhat_setBalance", [
  "0x0d2026b3EE6eC71FC6746ADb6311F6d3Ba1C000B",
  "0x1000",
]);
```

This will result in account `0x0d20...000B` having a balance of 4096 wei.

> ### Set bytecode of an address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Setting bytecode of an address
```

This method lets you set the bytecode of an address. For example:

```tsx
await network.provider.send("hardhat_setCode", [
  "0x0d2026b3EE6eC71FC6746ADb6311F6d3Ba1C000B",
  "0xa1a2a3...",
]);
```

This will result in account `0x0d20...000B` becoming a smart contract with bytecode `a1a2a3....` If that address was already a smart contract, then its code will be replaced by the specified one.

> ### Modify storage of contract

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Modifying contract storage
```

This method lets you modify any position in the storage of a smart contract. For example:

```tsx
await network.provider.send("hardhat_setStorageAt", [
  "0x0d2026b3EE6eC71FC6746ADb6311F6d3Ba1C000B",
  "0x0",
  "0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001",
]);
```

> This will set the first storage position inside that contract to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will set the contract's first storage position (at index `0x0`) to 1.
```
